Add a Comparisons page (#382)
holos-run/holos: doc/md/topics/comparison.mdx

---
description: Holos compared to other tools
sidebar_label: Comparison
slug: comparison
sidebar_position: 40
---

{/* cspell:ignore Prodan, rollouts */}

# Holos compared to other tools

## Timoni

Holos and Timoni both aim to solve similar problems but approach them at
different levels of the stack.

Timoni focuses on managing applications by evaluating [CUE] stored in OCI
containers. Its creator, Stephan Prodan, envisions a controller that applies the
resulting manifests. In this process, Timoni defers to [Flux] for managing Helm
charts within the cluster.

In contrast, Holos implements the [Rendered Manifests Pattern] and takes a

> slightly different approach, particularly in how it handles [Helm] charts. Like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different approach, particularly in how it handles [Helm] charts. Like
```

[ArgoCD], Holos renders Helm charts into manifests using the `helm template`

> command in its rendering pipeline. However, Holos differs in several important

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command in its rendering pipeline. Holos differs from Timoni in several important
```
